Vyper Curve steth LP Bridge (#229)
AztecProtocol/aztec-connect-bridges: src/specs/curve/lpbridge/readme.md

# Spec for Curve stEth LP Bridge

## What does the bridge do? Why build it?

> The bridge swaps add/remove liquidity to the curve `stEth` pool. Allowing users to earn trading fees on their assets and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bridge adds/removes liquidity to the curve `stEth` pool, allowing users to earn trading fees on their assets.
```

[Curve](https://curve.fi/) is a AMM that specializes in pools with low internal volatility (stableswap). It is at the time of writing, the most liquid market for trading between `stEth` and `eth`.

## What is the flow of the bridge?

There are two main flows of the Curve stEth LP Bridge, namely adding liquidity and remove liquidity.

![Curve LP Flow](./CurveLp.svg)

### Deposit

The deposit can be done with either `eth` or `wstEth`. If done with `wstEth` the asset will be unwrapped before the liquidity is added to curve. Eth is added directly. In return the bridge will receive an LP token representing the position. These LP tokens are pulled by the rollup. The deposit requires the user to pass in a price that is used to compute the minimum amount of LP token for the given input asset. Note that for `wstEth` the price passed is for the underlying asset `stEth`.

### Withdrawal

> The withdrawal is done by using the LP token as the unput token, and will return BOTH `eth` and `wstEth` assets. The LP-token will be taken to curve, where the liquidity is removed (`eth` and `stEth` returned to bridge) and `stEth` is then wrapped to `wstEth` before it is pulled by the rollup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The withdrawal is done by using the LP token as the input token, and will return BOTH `eth` and `wstEth` assets. The LP-token will be taken to curve, where the liquidity is removed (`eth` and `stEth` returned to bridge) and `stEth` is then wrapped to `wstEth` before it is pulled by the rollup.
```

**Edge cases**

- Liquidity might leave, skewing the distribution of the returned assets

### General Properties for both deposit and withdrawal

- The bridge is synchronous, and will always return `isAsync = false`.

- _Note_: Because `stEth` is rebasing, we wrap/unwrap it to `wstEth` (wrapped staked ether). This is to ensure that values are as expected when exiting from or transferring within the Rollup.

> - The Bridge perform token pre-approvals in the constructor to allow the `ROLLUP_PROCESSOR`, `WRAPPED_STETH` and `CURVE_POOL` to pull tokens from it. This is to reduce gas-overhead when performing the actions. It is safe to do, as the bridge is not holding funds itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The bridge performs token pre-approvals in the constructor in order to allow the `ROLLUP_PROCESSOR`, `WRAPPED_STETH` and `CURVE_POOL` to pull tokens from it. This reduces gas-overhead when performing the actions. It is safe to do, as the bridge is not holding funds before or after interaction.
```
